README.md, before:

# parse-torrent-title

![Continuous integration](https://github.com/clement-escolano/parse-torrent-title/workflows/Continuous%20integration/badge.svg)

This package helps you extract information from a torrent name such as language, resolution and codec.

## Installation

You can install it using npm: 
```bash
npm install parse-torrent-title
```
You should use Node 8.0 or higher to use this package.

## Usage

A simple usage is as follow:
```javascript
const ptt = require("parse-torrent-title");
const information = ptt.parse("Game.of.Thrones.S01E01.720p.HDTV.x264-CTU");

console.log(information.title);      // Game of Thrones
console.log(information.season);     // 1
console.log(information.episode);    // 1
console.log(information.resolution); // 720p
console.log(information.codec);      // x264
console.log(information.source);     // HDTV 
console.log(information.group);      // CTU
```

## Advanced usage

This module is configurable and extendable using handlers and regular expressions.

### Regular expressions

If you want an extra field to be populated, you can use a regular expression as follow:

```javascript
const ptt = require("parse-torrent-title");
ptt.addHandler("part", /Part[. ]([0-9])/i, { type: "integer" });
const information = ptt.parse("Silent.Witness.S18E03.Falling.Angels.Part.1.720p.HDTV.x264-FTP");

console.log(information.part); // 1
```

If you want to keep only a part of the matched regular expression, you should use capturing groups
[explained here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp). 

For regular expressions, the following options are available:

* `skipIfAlreadyFound` (default to `true`) which will skip the regular expression if a previous handler for the same
information already found something.
* `type` (default to `string`) which indicates what is the expected output of the regular expression.
It can be:
  * `string`: does nothing
  * `integer`: convert the matching part into an integer
  * `lowercase`: convert the matching part to lowercase
  * `boolean`: convert to true if there is a matching part
* `value` (default to undefined) which, if defined, set the specified value instead of the matching part as the result

### Handlers

A handler is a function with the title and the resulting information as parameters.
It can modify the result in any wanted way.
If the matched string is not part of the title, it should return the beginning of it.

```javascript
const ptt = require("parse-torrent-title");
const information = ptt.parse("[REQ] Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban 2004 1080p BluRay DTS x264-hV");
console.log(information.isHarryPotterRelated); // undefined

ptt.addHandler(({ title, result }) => {
    const match = title.match(/harry.potter/i);
    if (match) {
        result.isHarryPotterRelated = true;
    }
});

const information2 = ptt.parse("[REQ] Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban 2004 1080p BluRay DTS x264-hV");
console.log(information2.isHarryPotterRelated); // true
```

## Multiple parsers

You may want several different parsers within the same project.
To do that, you can simply create new parsers:
```javascript
const { Parser } = require("parse-torrent-title");
const parser = new Parser();
const anotherParser = new Parser();
```

By default, a freshly created parser has no handler.
If you want to add default handlers to a parser, you can do so using the specific method:
```javascript
const { Parser, addDefaults } = require("parse-torrent-title");
const parser = new Parser();
addDefaults(parser); // parser is now ready
```

Commit message:

export ParserResult interface and doc usage in README

README.md, after:

# parse-torrent-title

![Continuous integration](https://github.com/clement-escolano/parse-torrent-title/workflows/Continuous%20integration/badge.svg)

This package helps you extract information from a torrent name such as language, resolution and codec.

## Installation

You can install it using npm:
```bash
npm install parse-torrent-title
```
You should use Node 8.0 or higher to use this package.

## Usage

A simple usage is as follow:
```javascript
const ptt = require("parse-torrent-title");
const information = ptt.parse("Game.of.Thrones.S01E01.720p.HDTV.x264-CTU");

console.log(information.title);      // Game of Thrones
console.log(information.season);     // 1
console.log(information.episode);    // 1
console.log(information.resolution); // 720p
console.log(information.codec);      // x264
console.log(information.source);     // HDTV
console.log(information.group);      // CTU
```

## Advanced usage

This module is configurable and extendable using handlers and regular expressions.

### Regular expressions

If you want an extra field to be populated, you can use a regular expression as follow:

```javascript
const ptt = require("parse-torrent-title");
ptt.addHandler("part", /Part[. ]([0-9])/i, { type: "integer" });
const information = ptt.parse("Silent.Witness.S18E03.Falling.Angels.Part.1.720p.HDTV.x264-FTP");

console.log(information.part); // 1
```

If you want to keep only a part of the matched regular expression, you should use capturing groups
[explained here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp).

For regular expressions, the following options are available:

* `skipIfAlreadyFound` (default to `true`) which will skip the regular expression if a previous handler for the same
information already found something.
* `type` (default to `string`) which indicates what is the expected output of the regular expression.
It can be:
  * `string`: does nothing
  * `integer`: convert the matching part into an integer
  * `lowercase`: convert the matching part to lowercase
  * `boolean`: convert to true if there is a matching part
* `value` (default to undefined) which, if defined, set the specified value instead of the matching part as the result

### Handlers

A handler is a function with the title and the resulting information as parameters.
It can modify the result in any wanted way.
If the matched string is not part of the title, it should return the beginning of it.

```javascript
const ptt = require("parse-torrent-title");
const information = ptt.parse("[REQ] Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban 2004 1080p BluRay DTS x264-hV");
console.log(information.isHarryPotterRelated); // undefined

ptt.addHandler(({ title, result }) => {
    const match = title.match(/harry.potter/i);
    if (match) {
        result.isHarryPotterRelated = true;
    }
});

const information2 = ptt.parse("[REQ] Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban 2004 1080p BluRay DTS x264-hV");
console.log(information2.isHarryPotterRelated); // true
```

## Multiple parsers

You may want several different parsers within the same project.
To do that, you can simply create new parsers:
```javascript
const { Parser } = require("parse-torrent-title");
const parser = new Parser();
const anotherParser = new Parser();
```

By default, a freshly created parser has no handler.
If you want to add default handlers to a parser, you can do so using the specific method:
```javascript
const { Parser, addDefaults } = require("parse-torrent-title");
const parser = new Parser();
addDefaults(parser); // parser is now ready
```

## Usage with TypeScript

When you add a custom handler, its property is not included in the `ParserResult` object returned by the `.parse()` method. To populate the property, you must *Augment* the interface, i.e.:

```ts
import ptt, { ParserResult } from 'parse-torrent-title'

ptt.addHandler('part', /(?:Part|CD)[. ]?([0-9])/i, { type: 'integer' })

// Type declaration can be in any .ts file or in your types folder:
//   src/@types/parse-torrent-title/index.d.ts
declare module 'parse-torrent-title' {
  interface ParserResult {
    part?: number;
  }
}

// The cast is important to override the original returned type
const result = ptt.parse(fileBaseName) as ParserResult
console.log(result.part) // 1
```
